All right, it's a new year, but it's the
same old us. And we wanted to do
something for you guys. So, we wanted to
do a mailbag of fan questions. So,
people have written in questions. We are
going to answer them. You ready to jump
in, Sam?
>> Yeah.
>> All right. Here we go. Question number
one. What is the biggest mistake you've
made in your business that you have not
spoken about publicly yet? And how has
it shaped your decision making? Man,
I've got a great one for this. Tell me
if your experience has been with this.
So, I tend to hire ambitious young
people and I take chances on them. And I
hate to say it, but the majority of the
time that is a horrible plan. And it's
significantly better to hire more
experienced people and pay them a lot
more money and I get way better results.
>> So, uh, when was this mistake? Is this
like I've been making this mistake
forever or this is forever?
>> Man, look, this is like my mistake. It's
like the American dream, you know, like
give me your your your broken, your
weak, and your and your like ambitious
young
>> I can fix him.
>> Yes. And like I always want to do that
because I'm so, you know, I'm into the
romantic idea of that and just I uh
recently, you know, uh at our at
Hampton, we've hired like significantly
more experienced people and they cost
like two or three times more than a
young and upcoming person, but the
results are like five or 10 times
better, right? and and and I just make
this I always in my I get so emotional
and I always find the people say hire
high agency people or hire these people
whose growth rate is really high but in
general it's just kind of better to say
hey you already did this at this other
company do do it here please
>> so we were just going through a hiring
process I wanted to hire somebody on my
content team and um we found this kid
who was great and he sent in this like
wonderful video like he made this video
application that was super funny and it
was well done and I was like yes this is
my kind of guy young green yeah he used
to do this you know he just graduated
but like this video is amazing I got to
talk to this guy talked to him I like
him good dude and right before we hired
him you know we asked a very simple
question which is like so we want this
to go well right we want this to be
great and we want this to work and so
like does it make sense to just go with
somebody who has never done anything
even remotely like this or are there
people in the world who have done very
similar things that we could go talk to
first and should we not like lean in
that direction and as soon as we had
that like very simple sanity check cuz
I'm like you I fall in love with the the
sort of angel investing in people idea
it's like the like the raw upandcomer
never done anything found this diamond
in the rough why do I like that it's not
for generous reasons it's cuz it's like
I feel cool that I found that thing
right it's like finding a needle in a
hay stack the diamond in the rough. Um,
but that's in it is like I have such a
low hit rate with that, right? By
definition, you're going to have a low
hit rate with that strategy. And if it
matters and if there are people who have
done it before that are way more proven
in this category, like why are you not
going in that direction? So, I've
definitely had that that same mistake
sometimes. It can work. And when it does
work, it's the best story. It's the
best. But like check this out. This
strategy that I've been doing, it's been
working well. So, I love hiring
consultants and agencies, but I'll say,
"I'm only going to hire you for 2
months, and I'm going to you're going to
do the work for the first 30 days, but
then the second 30 days, it's just you
teaching me what to do." Uh, and so I
have found experience of like getting
like a young, ambitious, high agency,
green person and teaming them up with an
agency, and I have had some results with
that. But in general, just hiring more
experienced people and paying them more
money, it's just typically the way to
go. And that sounds so duh, but I that's
the biggest mistake that I've made.
>> Well, most of business is just figuring
out what are your own leaks in your
bucket. And then of course to other
people who don't have that leak, they're
like what I mean obvious, right? But you
have to know what are my biases and and
in your case your biases are like I like
to be cheap as hell when I build my
companies. This was like how you were
before with the hustle at least. It's
like,
>> of course,
>> get the cheap office, put the, you know,
get the free desk off Craigslist. You
know, our dog will be security and, you
know, like you're like, I'm going to
build this the frugal way. And then
secondly,
>> what if I found a guy like me, just a
lovable [__] who could be fixed? And
it's like, you know, so those are biases
that would lead you too far in that
direction. It's not to say you never
hire a junior person, but too often
defaulting to that. And so you got to
know your bone biases.
>> What about yours? Do you have one? I
wrote project selection. So my the my
theory is this. If you are hardworking
and you are sufficiently talented, then
the only variable that matters is
project what project you pick to work
on, right? Because if you're going to
work really hard on it and you're
talented, then either you're going to be
a 10 out of 10 person working on a two
on a two out of 10 opportunity or a 10
out of 10 person working on a 10 out of
10 opportunity. And uh I think I have
picked some real dog [__] projects in
the past. So, I tried to start a sushi
restaurant chain, which like restaurants
are one of the worst businesses. Sushi
would be one of the worst types of
restaurants to do. And by the way, that
makes no sense for me as a person to do.
The second one, I tried to make the next
hit social media app. I tried to make
the next Twitter, the next, you know,
Facebook, the next Snapchat, and I spent
six years going after that as a project
to select. And God, that is hard to do.
>> You try to make a hit social media app,
which frankly, you don't really use
social media. used Twitter, but like
seldomly to be honest, even though
you're good at it. And two, you
eventually made a streaming video game
like or that's who your market was.
Neither of us know or play video games
or like streaming
>> or had ever streamed a video game in my
life, dude. I made a I made a craft beer
app for craft beer enthusiasts. Dude, I
can't spell beer. Like, you know, like
beer is gross. It makes me burp. I don't
know. Like, I don't like it. So, I just
picked all these terrible projects that
were bad founder fit,
>> just weak mark market opportunities in
general, right? So, this is like very uh
very poor projects. I started my
e-commerce brand is a clothing brand.
You've seen
>> clothing. You love clothes.
>> You've seen me dress.
>> You know what I'm doing? And that one
worked, but it's such a grind cuz ecom
and fashion and apparel and inventory.
It's like, dude, one of the like worst
projects you can select. I think I've
been together. Just those projects I
just mentioned, and by the way, those
are just the the ones I remember just
off the top of my head. There's some
other doozies in there, those are 10
years of my professional life. I've only
had 17. So, the the majority of my
professional life has been spent on
really poor project selections. And and
everybody who's talented knows
opportunity cost is the biggest cost.
So, every year I was working on one of
those, it was a year I wasn't working on
something that was a better fit for me.
The good news is, Sean, that even a
blind squirrel finds a nut once in a
while. And you've taken enough swing
that it's worked out.
I've talked before about the way that I
know how to make money, about how build
a money-making skill, about how to
leverage your time and energy, and the
team at HubSpot actually went through
the video where I explained all that and
turned it into a free downloadable cheat
sheet on my four rules of how to make
money. Now, this is not, you know, get
rich quick advice. It's just core
principles, foundational principles
about building wealth, things that I
wish I knew when I was, you know, just
getting started. And so, if you want to
download it, it's in the description
below. It's totally free. You can go get
it. Thanks to the folks at HubSpot for
doing the research, making this
document, and making it available to all
you guys. All right, back to this
episode.
So, this is from Dan from LA. Uh, I've
been a fan ever since the pod was
promoted in the hustle. I think that was
uh four or five years ago. I'm dying for
another Sarah's List episode. My wife
currently works at Whimo, but time to
jump to the next 5 to 10xer. I'm tired
of waiting. Throw a brother a bone. Give
me one company that you think would be
perfect for the Sarah's list. Now, let's
let's tell the listener, here's what
Sarah's list is. So, my wife Sarah uh
was looking for a new job, and we came
up with this idea where let's see if you
can join a company that has something
like a thousand employees. So you can
make a great living in terms of like
work life balance because there's some
stability uh presumably and you can make
a pretty decent salary, but even still
there's enough growth left where your
stock could 10x and hopefully make you
worth millions. Uh in her case it
worked. She did that with Airbnb. She
joined Airbnb when they were I mean it
was a huge company. It was like a $18
billion company with I forget 4,000
people and it grew to be a I think
hundred billion company and her, you
know, $250,000 a year stock grew to like
a million dollars a year stock,
something like that. And so Sean and I
have made maybe three different lists
where we've predicted what the next
Sarah's style company are. So
>> we love this because you want to be a
millionaire. Everybody does. I don't
know. I I haven't actually met anybody
who doesn't want want that. But not
everybody wants to be an entrepreneur.
That's huge risk. Not everybody has the
winning idea. Not everybody wants to be
the the brilliant investor who finds the
the the gem uh at an early price. And
this path was basically like, no, you're
not like the hot shot exec getting this
insane package. You just join as a
normal employee into a clearly good
company that's already in a stable
position. You're going to get
healthcare. There's like, you know,
there's systems in place. There's a nice
office to go to. So, you didn't make any
of those crazy sacrifices, but just by
even if you had a $50,000 a year stock
grant, right? So, let's say your total
comp was going to be 180k, 150k, and of
that, you know, 120 is is cash and then
the rest is stock. And you get that
every year for four years, normal
vesting cycle. Well, over those four
years, that $200,000 of stock could
become a million dollars of stock just
by the company naturally growing at the
rate it's already growing at. And I
thought, what a heck. When I saw that
you when you when you said that Sarah
did this and that you guys were somewhat
intentional about what company to pick
to go to, she worked at Facebook, then
Airbnb, we decided to christen this as
uh Sarah's list.
>> I think we came up with 30 companies. A
couple of them were home runs. So I
think Rippling, Figma, Andre, uh I don't
even remember to cursor. There's been
others. Yeah.
>> Now the question is is why haven't we
done this again? I have an answer which
is my pred my and I think you're going
to agree it's so much harder to predict
what the winners are right now because
compared to Airbnb and Uber and Lyft and
Rippling and these software companies
they were fairly steady growth with all
these new AI companies it's impossible
to predict a what's going to hit and
it's impossible to predict are they
actually going to have longevity
>> sustain yeah the hot companies today are
like
>> they're they're so proud to be the
fastest growing fastest 100 million in
AR R, but it's like, dude, that happened
in 4 months or 5 months. Like, that's
not the same like sure footing that you
could stand on. It's not a stable
foundation where whereas you could see
these things that have been going for
seven years just compounding steadily
and you could predict that the next
seven years will probably be more
compounding steadily. But I do have an
answer. Do you have an answer for this
for uh Dan from LA?
>> My Okay, so it sounds so boring. There's
probably two of them that I would
predict. One of them, um, I heard I
heard Scott Galloway make the same
argument, so I'm just stealing his. One
was your old your alma moater. Amazon. I
I do think that you can get incredibly
wealthy still. Yeah, Amazon. Yeah. Uh,
>> that's a crazy pick,
>> dude. They've been
>> Amazon. What What is Amazon?
>> No, they they've underperformed the
market. They've underperformed the
market. And I
>> But you're saying it's currently a $2.4
trillion company. So, you're saying it's
going to be a10 trillion company, the
first ever? Yeah, because I think that
um when I use my Alexa, it's still so
stupid. Like it doesn't understand AI or
when you like use Amazon.com and like
search for stuff, the AI is still
horrible.
>> Amazon is a wild pick.
>> Well, I don't know. What else do you
have?
>> Okay, here I I have two for you. I
thought you There's one a layup. We're
both investors in this one company. I
thought you were going to say that.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That one's pretty
good.
>> Okay. So, I I'll give you mine and then
I'll then you can you can use that one
to to
>> I don't know if their valuation is
public, so careful what you say.
>> No, I think it is. It it it was okay. So
my pick would be Neuralink.
Okay. Why Neurolink? Well, first I think
if you're going to join a company, maybe
join the company by the greatest
entrepreneur ever of all time, which is
Elon Musk. UN undisputed at this point,
I would say. And so the Elon index of
companies has just performed at this
absurd level. Whether it's Tesla, it's
SpaceX, it's um XAI now is is now like a
ridiculously valued company. Neurolink
is what's next. So Neurolink is one of
these companies that is doing something
that very few like there's no say no com
no competitors to this. There's like
five competitors total in the world and
they're all way far behind. What is
Neurolink doing? They're putting chips
in your brain that today help a
quadriplegic person be able to use a
computer just with their thoughts. And
by the way, this isn't just like a pie
in the sky idea. Like there's a guy you
could watch him streaming himself
playing video games on Twitch using his
mind as the controller. And it's pretty
insane. They're do they've done it in
like monkeys now. They've done it in in
I think two humans now. And it's just
getting better and better where it's
becoming less invasive. Also, I think
now he just tweeted out there's like a I
think there's like a surface more
surface level uh implant that they could
do that rather than going so deep into
the brain. Um
>> can you even work here? Like can you go
like how do you get a job?
>> It's a company.
>> Is it okay?
>> So Neuralink uh I think when I initially
said this on Sarah's list it was like a
$2 billion valuation. It's now a 10
billion. So it's already had one Sarah's
List jump of 5x. It's going to have
another this is this is going to be a
huge company. Like if you think about um
computing, so computing went from
computers to laptops to mobile phones
and the next one is probably some
version of glasses or a watch, some
version of that. That's what's coming
next. And then what comes after that is
the computer in your mind, right? Like
just attaching yourself to the computer
so that you can literally just think and
uh you have access to the internet just
from your thoughts. Now some people will
say this is dystopian. Some people say
they don't want this. Guess what? Once
the first people start to have the chip
in your brain, you will be the
equivalent of like a turtle if you do
not. And so this is the the game theory
of this is that we're all going to end
up with this because if anybody does it,
they're going to be a god amongst men,
right?
>> Dude, you're like you're like one of
these guy I think you're like you don't
like taking I'm going to make a
prediction. You never said this. Are you
the type of guy who doesn't even like
taking medicine?
>> I don't take much medicine. No,
>> that's what I thought.
>> Don't take any supplements. Don't take
medicine.
>> That's exactly what I thought. The guy
who doesn't even take medicine like
Advil or something like that. You're
saying you're going to be putting a
brain chip in your brain?
>> Again, you have to, right? Like, well, I
already basically have the computer
attached to my hand if I'm honest. It's
in my hand eight hours a day. It's in my
pocket, right? It's attached to my body
at all times. If I don't have my phone
on me, I kind of panic, right? So, it is
in some ways already a third limb. But
we're, you know, once this goes to the
point where I can just have it, you
know, in my mind again, it's not really
going to be that much of a choice cuz
the people who have it are going to be
like walking around like gods compared
to the people who don't. And by the way,
he's doing the Tesla model. So the the
Tesla model, the Tesla business plan was
you first do the really expensive sports
car, high cost, low production volume,
sell it to just rich enthusiasts who
want something cool, a cool toy, and
then the cool toy becomes more and more
mainstream and more and more um you
know, eventually you get to the Model 3,
which is now like a mainstream car. With
Neurolink, he's doing it where first
it's going to solve the problems for
people who are quadriplegics. The next
one he's going for is people who are
blind and you know like people who can
really improve the quality of life and
eventually it'll get to it's kind of
like a phone. It's like a consumer
device we all just do for fun, right?
But but it's inarguable that you should
not be helping people who are paralyzed
u you know have more more function
because because of this technology.
>> They have a cool um so the reason I was
like could you even apply to work there
is because I had never like seen their
job openings. I thought it was I thought
it was like a project. I didn't realize
it was like a proper company yet because
if you go to the CEO's LinkedIn, he says
like manager of a family office, but
they do have a careers page and they're
hiring for a bunch of roles in San
Francisco or Freedmont and um Austin and
their jobs page is pretty cool. It says
you don't have to be a braid surgeon to
work at Neurolink and then it lists all
the open roles they have. So that's
okay. Yeah, I'm
>> there's a content creator role. There's
a junior accounts payable specialist,
right? You can work at these companies,
>> dude. I talked to a guy who worked at
Facebook in PR. I think he said he was
the 400th employee and he was in PR and
he said that they did things where you
know at a large company Amazon or
HubSpot had this too where that you get
I forget exactly do you get a discount
on the stock or if you buy the stock
they match it or something like that as
a perk like 20 grand a year nothing like
crazy and um he told me he did that plus
he like just stayed for 10 years and he
said he made $90 million.
So, if you're listening to this and you
are an accounts payable person, this
definitely looks cool. That is a good
question.
>> So, I thought you were going to say I
thought you were going to say owner for
your answer. So, owner, which is valued
kind of in the billion dollar range. I
think the last round they raised was a
billion dollars. I'll just tell you two
things. One, when I got introduced to
the investment for owner, the person who
my friend who introduced it said, "By
the way, this is the He goes, "Hey, I
think you should meet this company."
Why? Well, it's the best founder I've
ever invested in and probably the best
company I've ever invested in. So, I was
like, "Okay, well, that's a incredibly
strong recommendation."
Within like 10 minutes, the CEO uh
emailed me. And now, this is normal.
They'll say, "Hey, love to set up a time
to chat. Here's my calendar. Maybe we
could maybe we could grab coffee next
week. We'd love to tell you about what
we're doing." This guy, Adam, is a
savage. He goes, "Hey, Sean, great to
meet you. I just forwarded you our last
three investor updates so you can get a
sense of how things are going." And you
know, like if you've ever seen that
slide that says if they don't have
revenue, they'll talk about users,
right? Or like if they don't have
profit, they'll talk about revenue. If
they don't have revenue, they'll talk
about users. If they don't have users,
they'll talk about uh potential, right?
Or products features. If they don't have
features, they'll talk about potential.
And it's basically like the latter of
proof of like what do you actually have?
And I can tell you what you have because
I based on what you choose to reveal.
And so similarly a founder that just
says here's the last three investor
updates was it was just like oh let me
just show you I have I have a straight
flush so here's my cards. Uh because the
investor updates will tell you all the
numbers about the company because he
sent me the last three. I know the
trajectory of how fast they're growing
across those three updates. I can see
how the CEO communicates and I can see
what they care about, what their
priorities are. So it's like I made the
investment without ever talking to the
guy instantly once I read those three
updates. And since then, every update is
just like, "Hey, so we're crushing it.
Here's here's another gigantic number.
Here's how much growth we had just this
quarter or this just this month instead
of like what most companies do in a
year."
>> And check this out. This guy, Adam, I
don't know how old he is. I think of him
as like a 22-year-old because I'm
>> dog. He was born in 1999.
>> That's insane.
>> He was born during Y2K.
>> One time he like messaged me about his
brother. He's like, "My brother's
looking for a project to do." And I
thought it was like a kid and he's like,
"Yeah, he's a content creator and like
his brother has 30 million followers on
TikTok or something like that." I don't
know if you saw that, but then he wrote
this update yesterday. I read his update
yesterday. Um, and I was reading it and
he was explaining how it was the company
was killing it and he was like, you
know, we also had a little bit of churn
in December and that really bothers me
and I thought like, okay, he's bothered
because the product sucks or something.
He goes, "I'm bothered because that
means that these businesses likely went
out of business like these like so
basically sorry owner owner serves small
uh small restaurants. That's their
customer. They it's like an ordering
platform for restaurants." And he was
like, "We had some more churn or some
churn in December." And it was all
because they likely went out of business
cuz that's when these restaurants tend
to go out of business, I guess, is at
the end of the year. And I read that
line and it was pretty cool because he's
like kind of a terminator. Like he says
like, "Here's where we said we were
going to go. Here's how we exceeded it.
here's where we said we were going to
go. Here's why we exceeded like
constantly throughout each category of
the company. And at the end, he was
like, we had we did have some churn and
that is part of the bad news. And it
because they went out of business and
that makes me he goes I think I said and
that devastates me. I'm so saddened that
like these guys and it was that was
really cool.
>> Yeah. I ignored that. I was like I'm
just going to think this guy's a
Terminator. I'm not even going to think
of the human side of this that he
actually cares to cuz you know
>> you need both.
>> He also, you know, this guy seems very
likable. You know, you can't just have
everything. I refuse to accept that.
Let's do another question. Which one you
want to go to?
>> Let's do this one. I I don't think you
wanted to do this one, which is why I
have to do it. Okay. Alex from Brooklyn
says, "Gentlemen, every culture has its
quirks. The Japanese make you take your
shoes off at the dinner table. The
French chicks don't shave their pits.
And my first million is home for asking
blunt financial questions. And Sam, you
are the king of blunt financial
questions. So, it's our turn to return
the favor. I won't ask you for the
number, but is Hampton over or under 10
million in revenue in 2025?" Alex from
Brooklyn.
>> Uh, over. And that's all I will say
because
it's one of the businesses. It's my only
company and I just want to shut up and
just quietly build for the next decade
and just keep on trucking and maybe
after 10 years I'll come out and reveal
some more information. But yeah, it's
done really well.
>> There you go. All right. Good job, Alex.
You you put Sam on the hot seat. All
right, next one. All right. I just
watched the Jesser episode and Sean
playing the piano had me kind of wowed.
It's nuts what you can do in a year. If
that was your misogi for 2025, what is
each of yours for 2026? Dave from Mexico
City. Yeah. Put some respect on an
American living in I don't even know
what it's CDMX. Whatever that is.
>> That's Mexico City. You hillbilly.
That's Mexico City.
>> CDMX. How does that stand for Mexico
City?
>> Uh I think it's some Spanish like I
don't know. It's a It's a Spanish way of
say I don't know. The city of Mexico.
Sorry, Dave. I didn't get it right.
>> D Alio, Dave, I I speak Spanish, too.
>> All right. So, by the way, did you have
a a misogi in 2025? Did you do that?
>> Uh, yeah. I I trained. So, the point of
a misoge the here's the thing people
forget about a mogi is it's supposed to
be so hard that you have a high chance
of failing. And we don't talk about the
failure enough, but yes, I trained for a
50 mile run and I just like [__] got
hurt and destroyed my Achilles and I
couldn't do it. So, I did it and I
failed. Now, let me recap something. So,
on uh two days ago, Sean put out this
video of him going to Jesse Ller's
house. You prefaced it by telling what
you did. So, basically, Jesse, front of
the pod, amazing guy. You flew to his
house in Atlanta, and very um it seemed
planned, but it was very uh um
spontaneous that you played piano for
him and his wife, uh Sarah Blakeley, a
very famous entrepreneur. They were in
tears. You told us about the video and
then it finally got released. It was
awesome. But I have a bone to pick.
Everyone's saying how amazing this is
and all this stuff and they're like,
"You inspired me because you played this
beautiful song and people were literally
in tears."
>> And earlier this year, you said you're
going to start playing piano.
>> I'm pretty sure you've been playing
piano for years and years and years. And
like,
>> you did not just pick this up from
scratch.
>> Uh, no, I haven't been playing for years
and years and years. I did as a kid. My
my parents did buy a piano and they
probably got us, I don't know, a couple
months of lessons when I was maybe eight
or something like that. But I had by the
time I'm I'm like 38 now. I like
forgotten everything. So when I started
this year, I started from I started from
scratch this year. But yes, technically
when I was
>> But I remember you I remember us being
somewhere and seeing a piano and you sat
down and I thought you like played a
song.
>> I did know how to play two things on the
piano. So, I knew how to play the uh
intro to James Bond Golden Eye, like the
like just like the
like like but like a one hand song type
of thing. And I think I also know knew
the uh beginning of Foriss, which is
like a kind of a classic piano song
through muscle memory, but I couldn't
like didn't know how to read sheet
music, didn't know how to do the notes,
didn't know like what the key I didn't
know what the keys were called type of
deal, right? I just had memorized cuz
you know at some point some my sister or
somebody had showed me like hey watch
push these push white white black black
black black black black black black
black white white black black black
black and like that'll sound like James
Bond like that was the level I was at.
>> Well it was very good. Okay. And so the
question was um what was the question?
What's your mogi going to be this year?
>> What's it going to be this year for each
of us?
>> Do you have one?
>> I have one. I'm trying to figure out the
exact way to frame it but I I think I
told you this. I deleted all my social
media apps all the consumption. So I
said I'm I'm going to go dark uh in
terms of consuming like I basically was
like how do I trade consuming stuff that
people put 20 seconds of thought into
right like a tweet people put about 20
seconds of thought into it to doing
things that people put like 20 years of
thought into which is books. And so I
deleted Reddit, I deleted Twitter, I
deleted Instagram, I deleted Facebook,
deleted all those apps. And instead I
just if I open up my phone I want to
kill kill boredom. I have to open up
Kindle. It's like the only thing left to
do on my phone is Kindle. And so I'm I
basically made a list. I was like, "All
right, here's the 26 for 2026, right?
Like the 26 books I want to read in
2026." And I have kind of a hit list.
These are books honestly I've probably
owned for years, have thought about
reading, I've heard really good things
about, but hadn't actually read. And so
I started that a couple weeks ago. So
that's going good. The only other one
that might count here is I have this
life bucket list idea of coaching a high
school basketball team. And so like in
it walking away from business like not
focusing on business for a season which
is 3 months. And so I started that last
month uh and it goes our season goes
till till uh end of February. But
basically take like there's like a local
high school basketball team and I've
become an assistant coach and it's like
we want to go to the state tournament
and and win and that's the goal.
>> I know your first game you got spanked.
I think you said the second game went
better.
>> Yeah, we are. What are we now? Six and
three. Um, so, you know, we're we're
doing all right. We're getting better as
a team. And, uh, right now it's all
about like just can we improve? But I'm
basically spending like I don't know.
I'm at this I'm basically going to
practices and games, you know, four days
a week roughly. And just me like I get
my coach's whistle and my little
whiteboard and I drive to this high
school and then it's just I'm doing it.
I'm doing the actual thing. I'm like
coaching this high school basketball
team. I'm an assistant coach. I'm not
the head coach.
>> I have a 2-year-old girl and then I have
a two-month-old uh little girl. And I
have underestimated leading up to it how
difficult it would be. And even though I
have grandparents around and people
helping out, my wife is helping and you
know, obviously running the show there,
I have underestimated how challenging it
was. And so, frankly, I kind of feel
like I'm holding on right now. My goals
are simple. I'm trying to eat 200 grams
of protein a day and get out of bed at 6
a.m. So, I have pretty small ones
because I um I've always been, you know,
ever since I got into fitness, I've
always been good at maintaining a fairly
fit state. Right now, I'm at the lowest
of my fairly fit era. And so, I just
need to eat my protein. And going to or
going to bed early and waking up early,
it's this is so rudimentary, but it is
just has had the biggest impact on my
day's productivity. And so my I don't
really want to set a big goal right now
because I am kind of hanging on.
>> Yeah. Although I I do think those are
big. I know a lot of people who have
that goal and don't do that thing. That
is actually quite difficult to do both
of those things that you just mentioned.
If you actually did those, those are
high leverage things. Also, I'll say two
things. One, I think it's great to
acknowledge the season you're in. I
think people want everything to be
constant. And there are seasons where
you're able to be full out. There's
seasons where you're in recovery mode.
There's seasons where you're in, you
know, nesting mode where you're just
like, look, all that matters is like
protecting the nest because there's like
these baby eggs here right now and like
that's all that really matters. I don't
need to distract myself with a a random
hunt over here. I need to stay at the
nest. And so, I think knowing the season
and and uh not beating yourself up about
that is something that
ambitious sort of type A people struggle
with. It's like you got to give yourself
some grace, you know, when when you're
when you're so wired towards achievement
of random goals.
>> You didn't do a good job of warning me,
though. You should have warned me. I I
didn't realize how challenging this
would be.
>> Well, everybody says the same thing.
It's like, oh, it's man-to-man defense
now. There's two of you and two of them.
Like,
>> I did not understand. Like, it sometimes
it feels like my wife is my roommate and
uh like like I barely have gotten to
know my little girl because uh my new
baby because I'm with the eldest like,
right? So, it's my job to uh uh take
care of her and like you got to like
take her out of the house because she's
going to grab the pacifier out of the
mouth. You know what I mean?
>> It's definitely a second baby blindside
for dads cuz the first baby is the one
you think everything's going to change
and it's going to be like, "Oh my god,
my life's going to get really crazy."
And then it's like, "That's all right. I
got this. This is not so bad.
>> That's different, but not crazy."
>> So, you get this false sense of security
and then when the second baby comes,
it's like nobody you you had already
given up. You'd already stopped worrying
about it in a way. And the second one is
the blind side, especially for the dad
because for the the mom who you didn't
realize how much she was carrying the
team,
>> but now she has to focus on the new baby
and that means existing kid is your kid
and all of their needs and all of their
time is like, you know, on your clock
and and that is very that's a big wakeup
call.
>> Just getting her socks on like that's
like it can be an ordeal like just like
these small things that I just kind of
dismissed. So, I'm I'm frankly I'm not
drowning, but I my cup is is a bit full.
>> All right, there's here's another
question. So, this is what is it? Gary
Vee, it's the Gary Vee one. All right,
so I like this one. Gary Vee wants to
buy the Jets. Sam, you're working hard
to grow Hampton now. Why are you doing
all this? Are you trying to buy all the
pawn shops in the US, brother? In all
seriousness, what is the FU money
purchase that you want if this is a home
run? This is uh Tar from the Bay. I
guess that's the Bay Area.
>> So, when I moved to New York City, I got
this like really big nice apartment and
I love it. And I've gotten so much joy
having family come and stay and be
comfortable that I have my eyes set on I
do in the next couple years want to buy
a huge like lavish,
you know, 15 or $25 million apartment. I
do. That is that is something that I
definitely want. But more than anything,
I saw this photo.
>> 15 or$20 million apartment is your goal.
>> Yeah.
>> Why apartment 15 20 million? Shouldn't
you be getting like a city block?
>> No, brother. It sucks.
>> Like you get like one of the brownstones
at least like it's an apartment.
>> I don't want a brownstone. I've I've
rented one before. I don't like them. I
like having a door man.
>> What's the like dream building? Is there
a dream building in New York that's like
the cool one to be in?
>> Well, it's different flavors. So like if
like there's like this thing called
billionaires row and it's like right
next to Central Park and that's what a
lot of the really rich like tycoons like
Bill Aman lives there and it's $100
million for the a fancy apartment there.
It's insane. It's just absolutely insane
how rich some people are and how much
this real estate costs. That's not my
flavor. That's like um opulent. I mean
it's all opulent if it's $20 million,
but that's like um
>> you know like you're the the master of
the world type of apartment and it's all
clean and cool looking. But what I'm
really working to do, I s I don't like
Donald Trump, but I saw this photo of
him working at his office and he he was
like had just left a meeting with a
bunch of his employees and his uh wife
and two kids, the boys, I forget their
name, Don Jr. and the other guy. They
came up to him while he was working. And
the cool part was that they lived in the
same, you know, he owned the building
and they the building and they lived in
the same building where he worked and
the kids could see him working and and
he was just able to do stuff and it was
like a total life integration, work life
integration. That's my dream. That's
really what I'm working towards. I I
really want to do that.
>> Wow. I never took you, Sam, to be the
penthouse kind of guy.
>> I'm not a penthouse type of guy, but
Well, I guess I am. I just said I wanted
to buy a penthouse, but
>> yeah, I think you just said that's your
dream. Yeah, I think by definition
>> you're like I'm not a penis type of guy
yet.
>> We used to have this funny thing on the
pod where it was like,
>> you know, we're just two entrepreneurs
with big dream. Sean wants to buy the
Lakers and Sam would love to buy a lake.
>> I feel like you were so much more
likable then now. Not like Manhattan
Sam, you just lost like 30 points of
likability with that answer. What are
you doing here telling the truth over
here, bro?
>> You know what it's rooted? It just so
happens that I live in Manhattan. But
really, if I lived in like, let's say,
uh, St. Louis, Missouri, I would say I
want the fattest house in the culde-sac
that has like a soccer goal in the back
and like a basketball goal and like all
the kids play in my yard. Like, that's
really what it is. It just so happens
that I live
>> Yeah, that sounds so much better.
>> It just so happens that I live in
Manhattan. In order to do that, you have
to spend $20 million.
>> But, by the way, this this Gary Vee
buying the Jets thing, I've talked about
this before. To me, this is like a
master class in personal brand. So I
always say like for a personal brand you
want these five Ds. One of the D's is
what's the dream? And if your dream is I
want to make so much money it's like
crazy. I just want to be a billionaire.
It just sounds greedy, right? So what
Gary did which is brilliant is he's like
I want to buy the Jets. Now there's a
lot of brilliance in this one. It gives
him the air cover to go try to pursue a
bunch of money without just seeming
greedy. He didn't say I want to buy the
Yankees. He wanted to buy this lovable
loser, his childhood team, the New York
Jets, that's never done anything and try
to turn them around. And so it's like
there's like a nobility to the mission.
There's this like likability to the
mission where it's like a turnaround
project. Everybody likes an underdog
type of deal. And it's something a lot
of people remember about him, like
something he he dreams of doing. And so
I think that Gary doing that is is is
yet another example of Gary really
understanding marketing and personal
brand. Do you know how um so Sean and I
like the UFC and at the UFC every after
every fight Dana White does a press
conference and he lists like five or or
10 stats. So who got the fight of the
night, who got the bonus and then one
stat that he always lists is how much
money they made at the gate and it's
supposed to mean like this is how many
fans came to the fight. But the tickets
are like two grand. Like I I went
recently and it was like $800 for bad
seats. And it's pretty funny that he ran
rebrand he like is using that as like
look look how many people are coming.
It's like dude no this just how you're
just charging so much money for a
ticket. So you're like bragging. It's
sort of like when Gary says like I've
noticed in Gary's videos um people will
be like help let me help you buy the
Jets and achieve your dream. That's so
much better than people saying let me
put more money in your pocket and become
a
>> billionaire million net worth to 450
million in net worth. You know what I
mean?
>> Um, all right. Let's do another
question. Or do you have one of these,
Sean?
>> Uh, I don't. It's got to be authentic,
right? So, like I I don't actually have
one. You know, to me, I'm like I bought
back my time. That was the first
purchase. Uh, you know, first import
important purchase. Buy my own time
back, buy my freedom, and then it's like
you invest in health. So, it's like I
got a trainer, I got a chef, I got like
like I'm doing everything I can for
health for me and my family. And, you
know, after that, like I don't know.
I've I guess it'd be fun to experience
this. Like I I don't really have like
this burning desire to go purchase some
really expensive thing. You know, Morgan
Hansel wrote this thing in his book that
really resonated with me. He goes,
"There's two ways to use money. Number
one is as a tool to improve the quality
of your life." And I nodded, like,
"Yeah, that makes sense, right? That's
buying your time. That's buying a a
nanny. That's, you know, getting a a
personal trainer or something like
that." And the other is as a measuring
stick. And I realized that like all the
big money purchases, like the things you
would need tons and tons of money for,
they tend to be measuring stick things.
Like I've almost run out of like money
as a tool to improve my life ideas. You
know, I've done a lot of the big ones.
And so I guess I don't really want to
switch into that gear of money as money
as a measuring stick.
>> Yeah.
>> But you enjoy that penthouse, Sam.
>> I'm sure people will think you're very
cool. All right, let's go to the next
question.
Dude, do you remember do you remember
the the kids' house when you were
younger where it was like the open door
where it's like a campus you just
everyone can like hang out?
>> Yeah.
>> I've I've aspired to be that forever. It
just so happens that you have to spend a
lot of money in Manhattan to do it. All
right, let's do this one. Early on, you
guys had a ton of friends on the show as
guests. Give us OG's an update on the
OGs. Where's Sulie? Where's Raone?
Where's Jack Smith? Is there anyone else
that I missed? So when Sean started MFM
it the first 50 episodes maybe a lot of
people don't realize this MFM is that
like some number between 700 800
episodes I don't remember exactly the
first some number I don't know 25 or 50
it was just Sean interviewing people and
all those people were uh being
interviewed and also you and I when it
was just when I came on it was just like
5,000 people listening we basically just
talked about our friends and so for the
OG's
>> or we had them on and be like hey what's
what are you up to? You know, like that
that sort of deal.
>> Before we were chasing clout, we were
just hanging out with our buds.
>> Once we once we figured out the YouTube
algorithm, things changed. But uh before
that, we invited our friends on the pod
a lot.
>> Okay, let's do an update. So, Sulie, do
you want to talk about Sulie?
>> Okay. Sulie is Sulaman Ali. He's one of
our uh he's one of our friends. He's one
of my best buddies. There's there's a a
question later that I think will be good
good explanation of who Sulie is, but he
is an entrepreneur. He built a company
called Tiny Co, which was like mobile
games. Uh, so think like Candy Crush,
but he licensed the the IP for Family
Guy. So he made like the Family Guy
mobile game, the Harry Potter mobile
game, those those types of things. Sold
Tiny for a bunch of money. Uh, nine
figures. He then uh helped his brother
start uh and sell Native Deodorant. So
the Ali brothers are prolific and
they've both been on the podcast. Sulie
did something that I really respect and
admire, which was he was able to
understand what matters. So he's like
Sulie's in his 40s. He been, you know,
he's been super successful. And when you
when you're successful, like winners
have options. You get deals put on your
plate every day, things you could go
invest in and make a bunch of money. You
have people who want to come work for
you and, you know, start companies with
you. You have more knowledge about how
to win in the game of business. And it
is very tempting to just go and uh go
get more success because success feels
really good and you're good at it. And
it's very uh tempting to do that because
there might be other areas of your life
that you're not so good at where you're
not getting that same feedback loop of
I'm awesome and this is awesome and my
results are awesome. And what Suie did
which I thought was great was he uh
didn't make the mistake of just chasing
more success. He started to look at
those other areas. So first thing he did
was he started working out religiously
every day. Like I started being like,
"Hey, what are you like what are you
working on today?" He's like, "I don't
know, but I scheduled my workout. That's
the most important thing that I did."
Dude, he takes more like workout classes
than like a 23-year-old Manhattan night
woman who works in PR
>> and he takes the same classes that she
takes also.
>> He introduced me to like rumble boxing
and I think Michael's boot camp
and
>> he loves the classes. So, he started
doing that. Then he was like, I want to
have kids like that's the next chapter.
I want to have kids. So, he just had a
kid and he has resisted the AI wave to
focus on having a kid for now. Uh we'll
see what he does. I think he wants to
take a very big swing in the world of AI
and robotics. We'll see what happens,
but he he's a first- time dad. So,
that's the Sulie update. Ramon is doing
a very cool company called Aphina. If
you've ever looked in your house and
looked at the tap and your tap water and
you're like, I don't want to drink tap
water. I want to drink clean water. I
don't want water that has heavy metals
in it, chemicals in it. You know, a lot
of people don't even know your the water
supply in most cities is like very
interlin with sewage system. like it's a
pretty gross thing to drink tap water,
but we all bathe in tap water. We put it
all over our naked bodies. And so Ramon
has built a uh a company that's around
clean water for the home. And so it's
started with a filtered shower head. So
how do you shower in water that's going
to be clean on your skin and good for
your hair? Uh it's called Aphina. And
he's going into other categories um w
with clean water for the home. And so
Ramon's basically gone back to what he
knows best,
>> which is how do I sell stuff online? And
he's just moved to more noble things. He
started with when he first came on the
podcast was he was selling essentially
soap opera daytime soap opera spoilers.
So like what's going to happen tomorrow
on The Young and the Restless
>> and he sold that company for like9 or 10
million. It was a blog with
>> basically a soap opera blog and he only
it was only two years old. He sold for
$10 million. When we talked about it,
this was like such a viral story. a
Dutch kickboxer. He's never seen a sell
proper in his life, but he just loves to
sell stuff online. He loves to figure
out how to get traffic from one place to
another and how to sell. And now he's
doing he's selling things that actually,
you know, improve people's lives a
little bit more than the soap opera
spoiler. So that's that's Raone right
now.
>> You guys should go listen to his episode
uh early on. So basically, yeah, he
started a soap opera business that he
sold for $9 or $10 million. Then he
started a dog ramp company. So like if
you're it was called Sausage Dog
Central. So sausage dogs can like use a
ramp to get up in an SUV. insane, grew
it to 18 million. Now he's doing Aphina
and he's a single dad and his son's
about to go to college or getting
gearing up to go to college and he uh
his his kid is like the most
well-mannered, well behaved kid. So
that's probably the best thing he's ever
done is uh be imagine he's been a single
parent since the uh his boy was 2 years
old.
>> Uh and now his kids has been but is
still thriving. Jack Smith. Uh so Jack
Smith is our buddy. Jack Smith. So on
paper, he um basically sold his company
at the age of 29 or 28 for $850 million.
It was called Vungle. Uh now the
intangibles or if you meet Jack Smith,
very quiet. You'll have to you'll have
to pull anything out of him. He won't
tell you anything. If you ask what he
does for work, he'll say, "Oh, I um I
like to play on computers." Like he
won't tell you. He he's the in terms of
what you said, Sean, about um people
wanting to flex. He is the most
non-flexing person I've ever met in my
life. He's very special. uh one of my
best friends, he now lives in Portugal
and he's building he just bought 50
acres of land on the coast of Portugal
and he's building a meditation center.
Uh that's what he's doing.
>> Like it's like digital detox meditation,
right?
>> Yeah. So he bought 50 acres of land and
check this out. He uh has like a mobile
home that he mostly lives in in this
little like he I think he has a house
that he now I think they've rented a
house nearby but for a little while
they're living in like a tiny home him
and his his kid and his wife and very
him and his wife are both tycoons.
They're both incredibly successful
people and they live very very modest
lives and they're dedicating everything
right now to building a retreat so
people can like get into uh I don't know
whatever you do when you meditate
self-awareness calmness you know
whatever those uh whatever you'll be
there soon all right I got one that's
tactical practical business question so
it's a this is this is from Ben's
brother Ben's my business partner this
is from his brother
He says, "I've been a realtor for the
past decade. I've had good success. I
made $300,000 a year for about a decade,
but I hate how it just doesn't seem to
be compounding. So, I've decided it's
time to make a change. Everything is on
the table. Buying a business, buying a
franchise, flipping houses, getting a
job. I'm not looking for specific
prescriptive advice on what I should
specifically do, but I'm looking for you
guys to tell me how you would think
about deciding the type of thing you'd
look for next and how you would attack
it." Have you ever read the uh I think
it's called the war is it war on art by
Steven Presfield?
>> War of art.
>> War art sorry. And uh he talks about
this idea of the difference between like
an amateur and a professional. And like
an amateur maybe says that they're have
writer's block or that their creativity
just hasn't come to them. Whereas a
professional they sit down at the same
day and they get to work and they just
write regardless of how they feel. You
know their emotion that day doesn't
impact how they feel. They're they're
they're a professional. You go to work.
The things that I've noticed that have
held a lot of people back is when they
think about making money um or in Ben's
case um or sorry Sam's case of like what
to do next. I think that they don't
think of themselves as a company
builder. I think that when you're like
thinking about what to do next, you have
to think how do I get enough traction to
hire people to create a team and to
create a proper company with a culture
that solves a problem and has recurring
customers. And I've noticed this like
with a lot of real estate agents in
particular because they're one-off pe,
you know, it's like a oneperson business
oftent times with just like an
assistant. And I have a bone to pick a
lot of times with these oneperson
companies that we talk about online all
the time. They're incredibly
interesting. But in general, in order to
build a lot of value for yourself, you
have to create, in my opinion, a
company. And that's sort of this like
vague term, but in my head, what that
means is like employees who are all
working together on a mission and who
are creating an asset that has a lot of
value, not just creating something that
pays your salary. And so are you
suggesting he take his current job where
he's like, I put in hours and I get a
commission out of it selling a home and
start to think about like, well, why
don't I turn this into more of a
brokerage or why don't I create a real
estate team and we're not going to sell
I sell 20 homes a year, but we could
sell why couldn't we sell 300 if I was
able to hire other people like me, maybe
even better than me at selling homes
>> and organize us all under one brand as a
company rather than me as a broker. John
Rockerfeller, who's I think the best
businessman ever, famously said, "I'd
rather have 1% effort from a 100 people
than 100% effort from me." And I think
that to be true, where the the name of
the game to creating a lot of value and
something sustainable is to create
something that involves getting other
people to organized and them doing a lot
of the work. And that sounds very
simplistic, but I don't think that's how
a lot of people think about it.
>> Yeah. So I I my answer would be um it's
kind of like eating late at night. It's
like are you hungry or are you just
bored? And a lot of a lot of what people
think is hunger is actually just
boredom. And so similarly I think Sam
wants to do something different. He's
basically saying like I've been a
successful realtor for a long time but
I'm ready to buy a franchise, flip
houses, like go go do something
completely different. Whereas I think
you first would want to question the the
the question the initial assumption
which was I'm you basically said I'm
making 300k a year for about a decade
but it just doesn't seem to be
compounding. Well, why not? I've seen
many brokers make way more money if the
goal is to make way more money or to
work way less. I know many brokers that
have done what you said which is
productize themselves or make a company
out of what they're doing, make a team
out of what they're doing and scale it.
And so I think that would be the first
instinct. But I guess my my general
advice for anybody who's trying to
figure out what to do next is go talk to
20 people because the goal is to work
backwards from a specific idea, not
forwards from uncertainty. And what I
mean by that is you go talk to 20 people
who you think are having success in one
way or one flavor or another. Now what
does that mean? That means you go talk
to friends or your friends of friends.
You go talk to local businesses. Once
you realize that everything around you
is a product made by a business, then
you can go find the owner of that
business and you can just chat with them
or you can study what they do from afar.
You want to find people who have similar
backgrounds to you, like other realtors
who then pivoted and did something
bigger and better out of it. What did
they do? And you're just searching for a
blueprint that you can copy paste for
yourself. And then you're going to, of
course, you're going to tweak it as you
go, but you're going to sort of steal
like an artist. You're going to find
something that already works and work
backwards from that. So I I think that's
the the first thing is like have you
okay you talked about buying a
franchise. Go talk to 20 franchises and
see is that like do I want the life that
they have? Does it seem like do I want
the inputs of the life not just the
output? Right? Cuz yeah everybody wants
success but do you want to do the things
that they have to do in order to get the
success? Does that sound like fun to
you? Does it seem like things you're
naturally good at? Is that the type of
work you want to sign up to do 3,000
times? Those are questions you got to
ask yourself. And so I would go and try
to look for blueprints. I'd look for
first the people like me, what did they
do? And then, you know, maybe go a
little bit further out on the weirdness
scale and find other other things. And
then once you go look at those
blueprints, something will scream out at
you of like some combination of that
looks fun to try. I think I could do
that. I like the I like the lifestyle
that that comes with with doing that.
And that will give you more direction on
where to go. And so, I think people
don't really think about business as
blueprints. They think they need to be
original. And instead, I think you
should largely look for existing
blueprints that many people have done
and say, "Which one of those do I want
to do?"
>> Do you know uh this guy, Sam?
>> Yeah. Yeah. I've talked to him a bunch.
This is Ben's brother.
>> Well, I guess we're going to have to
follow up with them.
>> Oh, there's one other thing that this is
specific to Ben's brother that is a
challenge for him. He doesn't make time
to search. So, every time I talk to him,
I'm like, "Great, what are you thinking
about now?" And he's like made so little
progress in the time. And the reason why
is because he's got his job. Then he
also bought into like a restaurant. He
owns a piece of a restaurant. He spends
a bunch of time trying to make sure that
restaurant doesn't fail because he
doesn't want that restaurant to fail.
And I'm like, "So, how much time are you
dedicating to this?" He's like, "Oh,
like you know, whenever I have free
time, it's like, how much free time you
got?" Not a lot. And so I think you if
you want to actually make a change, you
need to first clear your plate a little
bit and create some space to actually
work on the thing and work on the thing
and like dedicated religious time that's
like as sacred as your work, as sacred
as going to the gym, as sacred as other
things you make time for. And so I think
for him, he's got to find, you know, 2,
three hours a day that he's going to
just spend do this and specifically mark
it off on his calendar and be like, I
might sell less homes this year and I'm
okay with that trade cuz I'm working on
building the next thing. I think people
don't really make specific concrete
time. They try to hope that like in the
extra time I have and this you don't
have extra time.
>> That's a great uh great answer. Can I
pick the last one?
>> Yeah, go for it.
>> This is hilarious. This is a great one.
So, this is from Peter J.
One of my favorite American traditions
is that when you get arrested, you get
one phone call.
That has to be one of the highest stakes
calls ever. I almost want to get
arrested just to feel the rush of that
one phone call rule when they place the
phone call when they place that phone in
your hands. Anyway, what's your one
phone call when it comes to business?
When you need advice or you're in a
tough spot, who's that one call you're
going to make and why? That's a good
question and that is a great
>> question, Peter J.
>> Yes. Do I I definitely have one. Do you?
>> I have one. You go first.
>> Do you know who um Barry Diller is?
Barry Diller is the founder of IA. you
know, he's like um a dealmaker or
whatever that phrase is supposed to be.
>> Phone call. Isn't he like 85?
>> He's not my phone call. Uh he but he's
like a guy who like kind of knows
everyone and he is just like he like is
um he owns this huge conglomerate and
he's just a little bit of a business
savant when it comes to like numbers. A
little bit like Ari Emanuel where he
just kind of like knows deals and he
just knows numbers and he spots value
and he organizes people around it.
>> Austin Reef is one of those two guys but
at the age of 30. Austin Reef is one of
my best friends. Austin Reef started
this company called Morning Brew. I had
a company called The Hustle. Both daily
business newsletters. They were a little
bit more finance. We are more
entrepreneurial and tech. But when we
were both getting going, I hated him. I
wanted to kill him. Not because of him,
just because we were competitors. We
both sold our company and we both were
in the same core group of Hampton. One
of the reasons I moved to where I live
is because I'm down the street from him.
He's one of my best friends. I love him
like family. and he is probably the
smartest business person I've ever met
because a he I do think he is like
genius level. I'm pretty sure he got
like a perfect score in the SATs. But B,
he approaches things with the perfect
balance of something must have soul and
you must love it and you must be
passionate. But then for any problem
that I have, he's very very good at
taking away the passion and the energy
and the emotion away from the actual
logistics and he's very pragmatic. Uh
he's the best person I've ever
experienced uh when it comes to asking
advice on on a certain issue. Um it
sounds like very similar honestly to
Sulie.
>> Yeah, that's a great one. My answer is
Sulie. Uh no no secret here. My rule for
for the person you would call, right? If
you think about the the jail phone call,
you would want three things. One, they
have to care. I want this to be like the
dad from Taken when his daughter is
taken and he's like, "Oh, okay. It's on
now." Right? that you want the person
when you come to them with your personal
life problem that it becomes their
personal life problem. And Sulie is like
that. Like uh he had a friend from high
school who was like a dentist. I think I
don't think he talked to him in several
years. And he was like, "Hey, you know,
I know you're in the business world.
Like, you know, we've gone our separate
ways since high school, but like I'm
trying to sell my practice. Like any
tips for me?" And Sulie like flew out
there and made it his mission to help
his friends sell his dental practice
business and had this incredible
outcome.
>> When was this?
>> This is a couple years ago. Two years
ago, maybe. Incredible.
>> And so, um, second, they need to be
wiser than me. So, I want you to have
seen 10 times more data points and be
better at putting together those data
points so that when I come to you with
noise and panic, you just see the
signal. You know what to ignore and what
to focus on. Um, and then lastly, I want
that person to basically live rent
rentree in my head afterwards, which is
what I have now, which is if if I'm I
don't even need to call him anymore.
It's just, oh, what would Sulie say? Oh,
he'd say this. Okay, I'm just going to
do that thing. Right? That's as simple
as it's become. I spent enough time with
him to know what he would say in 90% of
these situations.
>> Can I give you a fun two fun facts about
calling people from jail? I used to be a
a problematic person, and I had to
experience this a couple times. The
first thing that I've realized,
you people learn this the second time
they go to jail. You have to write down
the phone number of the person you want
to call on your hand because you don't
remember any any
>> Yeah. You don't know anyone's phone
number.
>> You don't know anyone. So, the second
time I did this when I was getting
arrested, I I I looked at my buddy. I go
I go, "Hey, can you run and grab the
Sharpie and write your number on my hand
for me, please? Uh, that's what you have
to do because cell phones don't show up
in yellow book or, you know, yellow p
white pages." The second thing, here's
the bad part. It might be different now.
Thank god I've not had to experience
this in in over a decade. Most cell
phones don't accept collect calls.
>> So, just you hit a dead end right away.
>> Dead end. Dead end. And so, you have to
figure out how to make it work.
>> You got to call someone with a landline
who happens to be at home. I I just
Googled it. I think Verizon accepts it,
but most do not.
>> That's ridiculous.
>> Maybe it has changed, but the uh
>> also I know a lot most of my friend, you
know, the real problem with this is most
of my friends don't even pick up phone
calls. So, it needs to be like a text
from jail.
>> It usually says it. It'll say like uh
like, you know, like Bay Area or
Sacramento County uh correctional or
something like that. Um do you know, you
know what's crazy? I I think one in five
American men have been arrested at least
once. Do you have any friends besides me
who have been arrested?
>> Yeah, of course.
>> Good.
You got friends in dark places.
I'm going to I'm going to give you two
times that uh Sulie was this call, what
I asked and what he said. The first time
I was trying to figure out if we should
sell the milk road. We had gotten an
offer to sell the business and we were
debating should we take it, should we
not, and we were spinning in circles
basically writing these pros and cons
lists of like why we would sell blah
blah blah and then like why we shouldn't
sell or like we should sell but only at
this price or that price. Is this
enough? Is that enough? Right? It was
like so confusing. We were just tied up
in a knot. So we call Sulie and he just
listens to us for five minutes and he
goes, "All right, how about we put away
the pros and cons list because listen,
you're selling your company. Do you want
to sell your company or not?" Uh you
should have a visceral gut reaction when
I say you're selling your company. And
either that gut reaction is yes or it's
no. And if you don't know, don't do
anything. You don't need to make any
decisions here. And just simplifying it
to you need a visceral gut reaction.
What is that visceral gut reaction? when
I say this sentence, it became very
clear to me what I wanted to do. I
wanted to sell the business. So, that
was the first time that was like a lot
of clarity in a very short amount of
time. The second one was my e-commerce
business. I was like, "Hey, you know a
ton about ecom. You know, your brother
built Native Deodorant. You helped him
with that. You you you yourself have
done e-commerce. I want you to help me
with strategy. Can we do like a call
where I kind of ask you questions, pick
your brain on strategy, and we figure
out like, you know, I want to come up
with a good growth strategy." And so,
here I am and I show up to that meeting.
I'm ready to like have a strategy talk
and 5 minutes before the meeting it just
says Sulia shared a Google doc with you
and the Google doc is a list of 40
shitty things about our website, our
email popups, our welcome email flow,
our SMS sequence, our Facebook ad copy.
Like he just went and looked at our
funnel and just wrote 40 things that
we're doing that probably could be done
better. And he was like, we get on the
call and I'm like, oh, so like
uh like should we talk strategy? He's
like, this is the strategy. The strategy
is you look at your product, you figure
out everything that sucks, you fix it,
and then we do this again in two weeks.
And we do that again and again and again
until there's like not that many things
that suck anymore. And like that's the
strategy. And that really just like
shook me. And I was like, "Oh, that's
how winners operate. Got it. I thought
this guy's so smart. He's going to say
something brilliant." No, he just
drilled in and looked at the details and
was like, "Why are we doing this? This
took 3 seconds to to to load. Make that
faster. This is this is the wrong photo
for this. We should put that photo up
here. This copy is weak. Let's find
better copy." You know, like that sort
of thing. Dude, the smart people I've
noticed or the people I admire, they
tend to be like I I don't know if he
would fall in this category, but he it
wouldn't surprise me if he's like in the
traditional sense of genius level IQ
like like a perfect scoreer on the
standardized test type of but they're
also really good at just kind of being a
caveman.
>> Yeah, it's the Midwip meme. Yeah.
>> Where they like are incredibly
brilliant. So, I've seen him talk about
like some financial instruments and
stuff in a very sophisticated way that I
didn't understand entirely. Uh, where it
was as if he had to like read a book on
it, like a textbook on it. Particularly
when you talk about like tax structures
and things like that. Like it's as if he
had like literally has read like the tax
code. But then he'll he's also giving me
advice. He's like, "Why aren't you doing
this?" And I'll say like uh some like,
you know, answer just like you did of
like, "Well, do you want to sell?" I
think yes. Okay, sell. like that type of
like like he's done that with me many
times where he's like just these
rudimentary like very like child
honestly it's like a child right it's
like you should do this because you want
to do this there's a um a meeting I had
with this the now CEO of Twitch uh when
I was at Twitch we got acquired this guy
became my boss uh for a period of time
his name is Dan Clansancy and I go into
Dan's office and he he asked me some
questions he tell he's he's like I'm the
new chief product officer at the Now
he's CEO, but he's chief product
officer. Then I want to tell you a
little bit about how I work, how I
operate. You know, first 100 days, I'm
just going to ask a lot of questions. I
want to go meet people at the front
lines, not talk to managers, you know,
some standards kind of first 100 days
stuff. And then he goes, and then from
there, you'll see me work like this. And
he took a white he took a marker and he
drew on the whiteboard. He goes, "Do you
know what a square line curve looks
like?" And I was like, "Sure don't." And
he goes, "You know what a sine wave is?"
I was like, "Yeah, it's kind of like a
up and downy like musicy heartbeaty
looking thing, right?" And he's like,
"Yeah, yes, that's a sign curve." And
he's like, "It's this like smooth round
thing. A square curve looks like this."
And he basically drew like a straight
flat line. He goes, "I'll spend a lot of
time at 10 at the 10,000 foot level."
Basically figuring out like big picture
priorities, what matters, um, you know,
what are the three things we need to do
to win? Like where are the key levers?
What do we have to get right? What makes
this whole thing work? And so he's like,
I'll spend a bunch of time here and then
as soon as I find some problem, I go
like this straight down all the way to a
level of depth that you will find like
confusing and amusing. Like, wait, why
does he care about the pixels and the
color and the copy and the this and the
that, like the details of this area?
He's like, and I stay there for a little
bit and then I go back up and he's like,
this is how I work. I will be at the
10,000 foot. I'll drop down to 10 cm.
I'll stay there. I'll go back to 10,000
ft. I'll stay there. And he's like,
"That is how I work." And ever since I
saw that, I realized, oh, this is what
Paul Graham and those people meant when
they said founder mode. This is what
founder mode is. Founder mode is being
able to simultaneously hold in your head
the big idea, the north star, the
vision, the direction we need to go and
then being able to dive down into the
absolute most simple details of those
areas that are problematic and like roll
up your sleeves, solve the problem side
by side with the team, and then go back
up for air. Would this guy want to come
on MFM?
>> Yeah, we should have Dan on. That'd be
fun actually
>> because I'm You guys who are listening,
you got to Google this guy. First of
all, he does not look like the CEO of
Twitch. You would think like I would
think it'd be like a Red Bull looking
like bro. This guy looks like a like
he's 61 and he's got uh
>> he looks like he's got all the t-shirts
from like the Grateful Dead tours. Yeah,
he looks a he looks wise just because he
looks older than the average Twitch
user, but he's got long white hair, a
goatee. He looks like he should be
studying philosophy or like giving a
lecture on like man's search for
meaning. But he's a Twitch guy. This is
so fascinating to me. This guy looks
awesome. I would love to hang out with
this guy.
>> He He's very wise. I I talked to him
like I remember once he was like, "So,
what do you want to do?" Like it was
like a one-on-one, like a career talk.
And I go in and you know I just got
acquired into the company. My career
plan at Twitch was like earn this vest
check and get the hell out of here,
right? Like that was just like the
general mindset. I wasn't trying to
think about my my 10-year career at
Twitch. That was like that would be
losing. So I walk in, I'm like, what am
I going to say? Do I need to like fake
the funk here and tell this guy like I
really want to get this promotion and in
10 years I see myself here as a senior
VP blah blah blah blah. Like that wasn't
true. So am I going to lie or do I tell
him the truth? But then like is he gonna
be like f this kid and like you know
check out on me right because I'm
checked out on on the long long term
with Twitch. Short term I was going to
try but like longterm I wasn't going to
be there. So I told him the truth. I was
like yeah longterm I'm not here. He goes
okay great. Uh so we don't need to worry
about like this pile of stuff. So tell
me like what is it that you do want to
do? And I started telling him this thing
that I had told many people before about
how I wanted to start a university
someday and like blah blah blah. And I
was like yeah. And I had this like very
logical like in in order to do that
first I need to do this and to get the
capital and the network and the skills
and then those three things are the core
components that you need to be able to
pull this off. And he just looked at me
he goes yeah I don't buy any of that. I
was like oh okay what you know somebody
who could call [__] is generally
like somebody you want as a friend. And
he was like I don't believe in the
deferred life plan. Like I don't believe
you need to do all these prerequisites
to go do the thing you want to do. I
think more often you're better served
just going and doing the thing you
really want to do if you really want to
go do it. And if you don't really want
to go do it, just say you don't want to
do it. Uh figure out what you do want to
do and go do that instead. And you know,
just immediately cutting through the the
BS. Uh I had like 10 interactions like
this with him where like I go into his
office and I come out with some nugget
of wisdom that really like shifted the
way I think because this guy's just been
around done a lot of things. Like he
worked early at Google. He worked
directly with like you know Larry he you
know Sundar who's now like you know the
CEO was like a peer of his at the time
was like in that circle of like 15
upandcomers that were like one of them
might be the CEO of Google one day like
that's who this guy is.
>> I just think it's funny to imagine this
guy having a meeting on like I show
speed.
>> Well he's like gone on his stream.
There's like videos of him like going
and hanging out with them and going on
their streams and stuff and it's it is a
fish out of water for sure. But, you
know, but props to him for doing it cuz
it would be pretty easy to just retreat
to the ivory tower and like try to be
like this kind of corporate person
behind the scenes and uh instead he's
he's like, "No, I'm going to do this."
>> Dan, if you if this makes it to you, we
would love to have you on. I know I'm
personally trying to learn how to like
be a proper CEO and like it sounds like
you're amazing at all the things I
aspire to learn. This would be awesome
if you came on. This guy seems badass. I
also want to know what he thought of
you, Sean.
I also want to know that
there there's one more I want to do. One
more I want to do. So this question
comes from Brian from Austin. He says,
"My guess is that there's been over a
thousand business ideas shared on the
podcast. Don't need a list, just gut
reaction. What is an idea you wish
somebody ran with that has been said
before on the podcast? You got 5, 4, 3,
2, 1, go." And so I have one for this. I
don't know if if any ideas come to you
initially for this.
>> You're going to laugh at mine.
>> What's yours? But so I like um hardware
just as a fan. I like gadgets. I don't
know anything about them. But we like
people thought I was joking about like
making a really good washer and dryer.
That's one. Uh but like we have seen I
have seen the Madic. Have you seen
Madic? It's like a a new Roomba.
>> New Roomba. Yeah.
>> It's a thousand Roomba that I absolutely
love. We have seen like figure, you
know, with robots. That's like kind of
like fits the stereotype of like these
big things. But we've seen Nest. I've
seen all these like really cool gadget
companies.
>> All gadgets. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Like the Dyson. They've done a
good job.
>> June oven. It's like a fancy convection
oven.
>> And not all of them like like June
hasn't haven't totally hit.
>> I think it failed. I don't know what
happened.
>> I think it failed. Yeah. But there are a
handful that seemed silly like a Nest or
like a um a Ring camera. Uh but they
actually were so cool and they did
revolutionize an industry and I always
thought that could be one of them. And
so I'm I'm shocked no one has pounced on
that. Um what about yours? Mine is not
the biggest idea, but it's one that I
wish existed and I think would totally
win if somebody had the right amount of
hustle. It's the youth sports combine.
So, professional sports have combines
where you go, you get measured, your
height, your weight, your wingspan, your
vertical leap, your strength, your
speed, all of that. Well, as I've had
kids and as I've met most of my friends
have had kids, I've seen the absolute
money hurricane that is youth sports.
And um so the idea here was to create a
city-to-c city traveling tour similar to
tough mutter, but your goal is you go
into a city and you say, "Hey, if you're
a youth youth athlete, if you're, you
know, whatever, it could be as young as
whatever 5 years old all the way up to
18 years old. Um come get tested. Get
your 40 yard dash, your vertical leap,
your height, your weight, your body fat,
your all the attributes that go into
becoming an athlete. Every city you go
to, I think you get somewhere between
a,000 and 2,000 kids to show up easily.
I think you could charge $120 a pop. I
think you could charge a little bit
extra for either, you know, printed
photo or for like storing your data, you
know, for the long term. If you just do
the math on that, so 1,500 kids, let's
say, uh, 2,000 kids, something like
that, you're basically making 200 grand
a weekend in every city you go to. You
do that 50 weeks out of the year, you
have a $10 million a year business that
is recur, you know, that is going to
dominate one angle. And I think you
could upsell training and camps and the
data and like there's a bunch of other
things you could do on top of that. But
to me, I can't believe this doesn't
exist without the amount of money I see
poured into youth sports. I cannot
believe there's not somebody that's
doing the fitness testing, the
standardized testing, the SATs for
athleticism that I cannot believe that
nobody's built. I really want to be a
part of this if somebody wants to do it.
I don't want I don't have the hustle to
do it, but if somebody else has the time
and hustle, I really want to be a part
of that.
>> What sports do you want your kids to be
good at? Every parent has this.
>> This is a great question.
>> So, there's there's two factors here.
One is what are the sports that I love?
So, basketball. Um and the second is
what are the sports that I strategically
would choose? So, for example, baseball
out. I'm out.
>> Yeah.
>> My son, I don't want him to know what a
baseball glove looks like. I don't even
want him to see it. Why? because he's
gonna stand around for three hours. I'm
gonna sit around for three hours.
Nothing's gonna happen. Um, that is like
the worst sport for for for you know a
kid to be in like that. I just took my
kids skiing.
>> Great time. Not going to double down in
skiing. Skiing is like this weather
dependent, location dependent, equipment
dependent, like injured.
>> So dangerous too.
>> Expensive, dangerous,
>> impossible to access sport. And so I'm
like,
>> I went skiing recently and I saw old
people going down these hills and they
go so fast.
>> It's crazy to me.
>> I get it. Familyities have fun together.
It's fine as a hobby. It's fine as a
family vacation. I don't want my kids to
be doing it as a sport. Soccer.
>> My kids love soccer right now and I hate
it. I want to get them out of it, but I
can't do it yet. They they love it too
much. But the idea of soccer where like,
dude, nobody scores in soccer. You can
be like amazing and you're just not
going to score. There's like there's no
there's so little reward in soccer. It's
crazy. Uh, I had a friend once whose
parents sat him down when he was like in
seventh grade and they were like, "Look,
the big four, we're not doing it. You
guys don't have the raw athleticism to
to succeed at the at the higher levels
of this. You want to play varsity, you
want to college, it's not going to
happen. May I interest you in water
polo, may I interest you in these these
niche sports where you're not going to
compete against the best athletes." So,
I think there's a strategic part to it,
too. But, of course, whatever my kids
like, great. But, I'm going to try to
expose them to sports like tennis, which
I think is a great sport for the mind
and body. Tennis is is is one that that
we're definitely going for. Basketball
is another because I just know it so
well. And uh you know I I I love I I had
such a good experience that I can't I
can't say no to that one.
>> Tennis is ours. It's one of the only
sports where the men and women like
appear equal in terms of like uh status,
>> right?
>> And uh you could play it forever.
>> You could play forever. The best
athletes don't go into it.
>> Um like hard work is not a super
athleticism dependent. So like hard work
takes you a long way there. It's a it's
an individual sport or it could be a
team sport depending on how you want to
do it. There's a huge mental component
to it like controlling your own psyche
and being like both competitive but like
you know there's feedback loop every
single point that you have to like
recover from. Uh so I think there's a
lot of good things that you get out of
tennis. Also martial arts would be the
other one that I think is is pretty cool
for kids to be in for a period of time.
>> Yeah, if I could uh wave a magic wand,
my kids would be very interested in
tennis. And then I want to do some type
of individual fitness sport. So that
could be wrestling, martial arts, track
and field, cross country, swimming,
something where you have to like it's
just you versus a clock and it's just
totally objective and you just got to
grit through it and dedicate a lot of
time and just put in the hours.
>> Did you play team sports growing up? Any
>> like as a kid? Yeah. And I was all right
at it. Um I was never like terribly I
mean you've seen me like play sports.
I'm not like terribly coordinated, but I
always had attributes where I could just
I could always jump and run and I was
strong, but I was never like good enough
where I could like catch a ball and like
learn how to like like the skill part
never it was always very hard for me,
you know? I always looked like a
giraffe. I was always like like a
dancing giraffe. I wasn't very
coordinated.
>> All right, that's it.
>> That's the pod.